nano
Nano is one of the simplest-to-use
text editors.
To open a file and begin editing,
simply run nano, passing a filename
as an optional argument:
Once the file is opened,
we can immediately start making any
required changes to the file
just as we would in a graphical editor.
The nano command menu is located at
the bottom of the screen.
Some of the most-used commands
to memorize include
control-o to write changes to the file…
Control-k to cut the current line…
And control-u to un-cut a line and
paste it at the cursor location.
Control-w is used to search
within the file..
And finally, control-x is
used to exit.
For additional information
regarding nano,
refer to its online documentation.